#Overview
**WARNING:**
PHOTOSORT IS DESIGNED TO RENAME AND/OR PERMANENTLY DELETE
FILES WITHOUT WARNING. DO NOT RUN IT UNLESS YOU ARE SURE
OF WHAT YOU ARE DOING. I AM NOT RESPONSIBLE FOR ANY HARM
YOU CAUSE, WITH OR WITHOUT PHOTOSORT. SEE DISCLAIMER OF
WARRANTY BELOW.

Photosort provides a simple photo-sorting capability. It is written in Bash,
and runs other scripts to do its job.

#Dependencies
- exiv2
- fdupes
- ssed
- bash
- perl

#Usage
photoscript _unsorted_ _sorted_

pixmv, and rndate must be in your path for photoscript to work.

It has been tested on an Ubuntu 11.10 system with the above dependencies installed.

#Descriptions
##photoscript
photoscript finds duplicate files across the directories _sorted_ and _unsorted_ using fdupes and deletes all but one copy.
It then renames all the files in _unsorted_ with rndate. Finally, it moves all the files
to a year/month directory scheme in _sorted_ with pixmv, and then deletes all empty files and folders in _unsorted._

##rndate
rndate renames files according to their date taken, if possible. If not, it renames them using their date modified.
The date-taken renaming is performed using exiv2. The date modified renaming is done with bash code in rndate.

##pixmv
pixmv moves the files to a directory structure with one folder for each year. Each year folder contains a group of month folders. Each month folder contains all the pictures that were taken that month.
pixmv uses the names of the files to determine the directory to put them in.

#Other files:
Some other scripts and files are included in this project. Descriptions follow.

##reset
A simple bash script to simplify testing of photoscript. Requires a folder of things to process called pixbkup.

##duprnmv
Moves files to a specified folder and stores them with a random name. Intended as an alternative to deleting duplicate files, to allow human review of the captured files. It will overwrite another file with a file of the same generated name, if that happened.

##README.mkd
This README, which is in Markdown format.

#License
Photoscript--A photo-sorting script
Copyright (C) 2011  andyg0808

This program is free software; you can redistribute it and/or
modify it under the terms of the GNU General Public License
as published by the Free Software Foundation; either version 2
of the License, or (at your option) any later version.

This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the
GNU General Public License for more details.

You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
along with this program; if not, write to the Free Software
Foundation, Inc., 51 Franklin Street, Fifth Floor, Boston, MA  02110-1301, USA.
